they do not treat them well
at the same time they license
in a loud red card applause
and also suffered if all this
we've been with him all day
but left the program I want to be a leipzig model
i let me tell you that apart from everything he is a superstar but the lord
he is a gentleman
and I'm surprised that it's so
good not so soft so simple
and now not in Indianapolis where the states are moving
because if one is charging a cent
He is doing everything for his heart
and who carries it sun
the cables of its effects
p
he was chief of control
accompanying and some of the models that budgets next
Saturday
for this were the users pay a hoop
the cluster recognizing some of you by programming the models of
tv star
and now we are producing another
the program on the computer and if it starts at the end of the month at nothing
of the 57
for it will present gabriela
from April to June
before
mónica solórzano also
Christ of the Savior
there will be presence here
and I want to say that I think that as if when in principle
the problem besides mexico deserves the party that seemed to say for all
here
we want to fully integrate
p
for this exercise
already became a classic not because they are already seven years old and still
live all the pieces are the events are people like that with canada
we all contribute an August strike
and says
and when it sounds
that we have and that they were environment
By the way, the March party begins
it stood like a spring and the law
that everyone starts to endorse everyone until the grandmothers
I think it became a classic in the 30 years we will be hearing
and with those that follow
it's like the balance with mandela
whatever it is
well that's going to be a classic of the sea
those who are worst alive within 30 years still give them
another loud applause whereabouts
for Mr. Oscar
producers talk about love
Luis Camacho
gold
and mónica that to me the owners know me that always
in the cause they made their time including those of always never put
buts
only a few dozen people very involved in the community
and now I do not taste it anymore
microphone to the star
thank you first of all
good evening and thank you very much for being
the truth that I feel at home in the commenting
that little bit
p the old lady
will be that they are very gentle do not give me much pleasure to return to
to this city
I had a good auction
and above all to the charisma of the Angelenos
the charisma acquire the people of the Mexicanness that is there
percent against it
Now that I am very happy very excited I feel at home
commenting also there I come for 15 days let's do is put all
but it's not very likely to happen to me what happened to me in Chicago last month
leading for 15 days and I stayed almost two months then lara who
I thank with all my heart
this one was here
to continue joining us we would surely have many things for
assets plus we bring many more to contribute
percent
we want morals so unworthy in the filming of a video
here you have I found my
co-producer of the film of the table that most applauds where
they intervene and will follow the ine in the castle of bil sex as there are many
people
here are a green background
live in that movie specticism be
as likely as we do
the movie works very well there are many projects asked to bonds with
rap albums cumbia ska release it
there are projects with which the univisión chain there are large projects has
nothing to do with much pleasure in the statement you are tonight but before
nothing
I want to thank you from the heart
and I feel very happy very happy we are going to support the population from heart to
heart of the city
verónica elías jaua